[TASK] Streamline "Using the DataHandler" chapter (#4239)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/DataHandler/UsingDataHandler/Index.rst

commands are executed. Still you will have to initialize the class by
calling the :php:`start()` method (which will initialize internal state).

..  note::
    Clearing a given cache is possible only for users that are
    "admin" or have :ref:`specific permissions <t3tsconfig:useroptions>` to do so.

..  todo: Use dependency injection instead GeneralUtility::makeInstance()

..  code-block:: php
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/Classes/MyClass.php

    $dataHandler = \TYPO3\CMS\Core\Utility\GeneralUtility::makeInstance(\TYPO3\CMS\Core\DataHandling\DataHandler::class);
    $dataHandler->start([], []);
    $dataHandler->clear_cacheCmd('all');

Caches are organized in groups. Clearing "all" caches will actually clear caches
from the "all" group and not really **all** caches. Check the
:ref:`caching framework architecture section <caching-architecture-core>`
for more details about available caches and groups.

..  _tcemain-complex-submission:

Complex data submission
-----------------------

> Imagine the :php:`$data` array something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine the :php:`$data` array contains something like this:
```

should not set this argument since you want DataHandler to use the global
:php:`$GLOBALS['BE_USER']`.

..  todo: Use dependency injection instead GeneralUtility::makeInstance()

..  code-block:: php
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/Classes/MyClass.php

    $dataHandler = \TYPO3\CMS\Core\Utility\GeneralUtility::makeInstance(\TYPO3\CMS\Core\DataHandling\DataHandler::class);
    $dataHandler->start($data, $cmd, $alternative_BE_USER);
    $dataHandler->process_datamap();
    $dataHandler->process_cmdmap();

..  index:: pair: DataHandler; Error handling
..  _tcemain-error-handling:

Error handling
==============

The data handler has a property `errorLog` as an `array`.
In this property, the data handler collects all errors.

> You can use these, for example, to logging or another error handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use these, for example, for logging or other error handling.
```
